Expose Consul template configuration parameters (#11606)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/job-specification/template.mdx

  One of `source` or `data` must be specified, but not both. This source can
  optionally be fetched using an [`artifact`][artifact] resource. This template
  must exist on the machine prior to starting the task; it is not possible to
  reference a template inside a Docker container, for example.

- `splay` `(string: "5s")` - Specifies a random amount of time to wait between
  0 ms and the given splay value before invoking the change mode. This is
  specified using a label suffix like "30s" or "1h", and is often used to
  prevent a thundering herd problem where all task instances restart at the same
  time.

- `wait` `(Code: nil)` - Defines the minimum and maximum amount of time to wait
  for the Consul cluster to reach a consistent state before rendering a template.
  This is useful to enable in systems where Consul is experiencing a lot of flapping,

>   because it will reduce the number of times a template is rendered. This configuration is
>   also exposed at the _task level_ to allow overrides per task. This is typically
>   set globally in the client configuration, but can be overridden on per-template
>   basis. Note that, this setting can be overridden by the `client.template.wait_bounds`
>   setting. The `client.template.wait_bounds` setting defines a client level lower
>   and upper bounds for per-template `wait` configuration. If the individual template
>   configuration has a `min` lower than `client.template.wait_bounds.min` or a `max`
>   greater than `client.template.wait_bounds.max`, the bounds will be enforced,
>   and the template `wait` will be adjusted before being sent to `consul-template`.

Reviewer: This is a little confusing to me. With this wording I'd expect there to be a doc at `/docs/job-specification/task.mdx` as well, which isn't the case.

I'd leave out that "task level" sentence entirely and then reduce the wordiness around the client configuration option:

```suggestion
  because it will reduce the number of times a template is rendered. This setting 
  can be overridden by the [`client.template.wait_bounds`]. If the template
  configuration has a `min` lower than `client.template.wait_bounds.min` or a `max`
  greater than `client.template.wait_bounds.max`, the client's bounds will be enforced
  and the template `wait` will be adjusted before being sent to `consul-template`.
```

(and include the link reference to the client's `wait_bounds` setting at the bottom of the page)
